state management docs (#85)
massdriver-cloud/docs: docs/guides/managing_state.md

Set up your environment variables for authentication and state management:

```bash

export TF_HTTP_USERNAME=${MASSDRIVER_ORG_SLUG}
export TF_HTTP_PASSWORD=${MASSDRIVER_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN}

# Your package friendly ID available from your details panel (without the four character suffix -xxxx)
export MASSDRIVER_PACKAGE_ID="YOUR-PACKAGE-SLUG"

# Massdriver supports putting multiple IaC tools into the same "bundle". 
# Put the name of the step your terraform is in here.
export MASSDRIVER_PACKAGE_STEP_NAME="the-step-name-in-your-package"

export TF_HTTP_ADDRESS="https://api.massdriver.cloud/state/${MD_PKG_SLUG}/${MASSDRIVER_PACKAGE_STEP_NAME}"
export TF_HTTP_LOCK_ADDRESS=${TF_HTTP_ADDRESS}
export TF_HTTP_UNLOCK_ADDRESS=${TF_HTTP_ADDRESS}
```

### 2. Initialize Your Terraform Module

Create a new `backend.tf` file with the following content to configure the HTTP backend:

```bash
echo 'terraform {
  backend "http" {}
}' > backend.tf
```

Initialize your Terraform module:

```bash
tofu init
```

### 3. Pull Existing State

If you need to pull your state to inspect or edit:

```bash
tofu init
tofu state pull > tofu.tfstate
```

### 5. Importing Resources into State

> To import an existing resource into state, you can use the `tofu import` command. This command is useful when you have existing infrastructure that was not created using OpenTofu / Terraform, but you want to manage it using automation going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import an existing resource into state, you can use the [`tofu import`](https://opentofu.org/docs/cli/import/) command. This command is useful when you have existing infrastructure that was not created using OpenTofu / Terraform, but you want to manage it using automation going forward.
```

The `tofu import` command allows you to specify the resource type and the resource ID. Importing a resource into Terraform state enables you to manage its lifecycle, apply changes, and track its state using Terraform commands and workflows.

1. Identify the resource to be imported.
2. Use the `tofu import` command to add the resource to your state:

   ```bash
   tofu import aws_instance.example i-1234567890abcdef0
   ```

3. Verify the resource has been imported:

   ```bash
   tofu state list
   ```

### 6. Removing resources from state

> The `terraform state rm` command is used to remove a resource from the Terraform state. This command is useful when you want to delete a resource that was previously imported or created using Terraform. However, it's important to note that if you remove a resource from the state, you should also update the corresponding code to avoid any conflicts or unintended changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`tofu state rm`](https://opentofu.org/docs/cli/commands/state/rm/) command is used to remove a resource from the state file. This command is useful when you want to delete a resource that was previously imported or created using OpenTofu. However, it's important to note that if you remove a resource from the state, you should also update the corresponding code to avoid any conflicts or unintended changes.
```

## Setting Up Your Environment

To get started with state management in Massdriver, follow these steps:

### 1. Configure Your Environment Variables

Set up your environment variables for authentication and state management:

```bash

export TF_HTTP_USERNAME=${MASSDRIVER_ORG_SLUG}
export TF_HTTP_PASSWORD=${MASSDRIVER_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN}

# Your package friendly ID available from your details panel (without the four character suffix -xxxx)
export MASSDRIVER_PACKAGE_ID="YOUR-PACKAGE-SLUG"

# Massdriver supports putting multiple IaC tools into the same "bundle". 
# Put the name of the step your OpenTofu / Terraform is in here.
export MASSDRIVER_PACKAGE_STEP_NAME="the-step-name-in-your-package"

> export TF_HTTP_ADDRESS="https://api.massdriver.cloud/state/${MD_PKG_SLUG}/${MASSDRIVER_PACKAGE_STEP_NAME}"

Reviewer: `MD_PKG_SLUG` isn't exported. Did you mean `MASSDRIVER_PACKAGE_ID` above? I'd rename that to `MASSDRIVER_PACKAGE_SLUG` since `MASSDRIVER_PACKAGE_ID` refers to the UUID in multiple places (in provisioning and XO)

Author: This was a typo in typing it up.

Its not the UUID though. Thats an internal identifier (and I'd love it if we stopped using it in userland across the board because... its compersome ᵃᶠ) it will be the natural key `ecomm-staging-database` without the suffix.
